Yechen contracted this
The boss on the top floor knows I'm going to take the top floor
It's all in my face and don't want a penny
Do you believe it? I can make you unable to wrap it up. Humph.
Oh, although you are rich and powerful
But the one who built the top floor of the Oriental Pearl
They are all big names in Kyoto
You can't control you
Do you know Han Sanqian, one of the top ten talents in Kyoto?
know
He's mine now.
It has something to do with the big shots of the cauldron
It's easy to pack
Lao Han did a good job
As long as the owner is satisfied
Mr. Tang, I want to pack your top floor.
Is it convenient?
Yan Ruoxue's birthday
I will be here Yiming amazing
Open your eyes for me
Take a good look.
The meat on this kid's neck
Black, did I read it wrong?